Sample ID: real_022
Label: legitimate
Source site: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com
Original posting URL: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/AECOM2/744000137575263-process-lead-water-treatment
Collected at: 2026-07-14
Text SHA-256: 975113197f8be93932bf212802b7017f1f937e89d8fb2ef40015a4605782dd47

--- Captured job-advertisement text ---

Process Lead - Water Treatment. Employer: AECOM. Location: Sydney, NSW, Australia. Employment type: Full-time. “Supported by people, local and global communities who are not only willing to guide but also nurture professional development and leadership” – Dominique Keirens, Technical Director – Water Gold Coast, QLD Come grow with us. Balancing the world’s need for safe, reliable water with protecting this critical natural resource for the future requires a deep understanding of interconnected systems, as well as maximising resource recovery and energy efficiency. AECOM is delivering some of Australia’s most critical water infrastructure projects. With multiple long-term partnerships with Water clients nationwide, we offer an unparalleled opportunity to work on complex and high-impact projects across the country. We work with clients across the entire project life cycle — from initial planning studies through final construction and operations and maintenance services — on both traditional and alternative project-delivery options (design-build, public-private partnerships and financing). With a robust design and construction division, AECOM offers a unique perspective on designing projects that are fully constructible. Everyone belongs at AECOM We’re committed to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging - because great ideas come from diverse perspectives. AECOM is proud to be a Fortune 500 Most Admired Company , a WGEA Employer of Choice for Gender Equality , # Work180 Equitable Workplace Awards 2025 Winner and an AWEI Bronze Tier LGBTQ+ Inclusive Employer . AECOM’s Water Infrastructure team is seeking a proven Water Treatment Process Lead to join our global team of water process engineering specialists. We’re looking for someone who is passionate about technical excellence and has experience delivering complex, multidisciplinary projects within a global consulting environment. Our Water Infrastructure team partners with a range of internal and external clients, supporting sustainable outcomes for the communities we serve. Come and be part of a growing, high-performing team. How you’ll make a difference Provide technical leadership across municipal potable water projects, applying your water treatment expertise to deliver practical, innovative solutions. Support the growth of our municipal potable water portfolio across Australia and New Zealand through client engagement, opportunity development and successful project pursuits. Build and maintain strong relationships with clients, industry partners and stakeholders, representing our water treatment capabilities in the market. Lead and contribute to major water treatment projects, collaborating with multidisciplinary teams to deliver high-quality outcomes. Build and grow our water treatment capability by mentoring and developing engineers, and attracting top talent. Collaborate with the ANZ Water Leadership team and global water specialists to share expertise, leverage global capability and deliver industry-leading solutions. The following qualifications and experience are highly desired, but if you don’t tick all the boxes, you could still be a perfect fit for this role. Please apply, all applications will be considered. The qualities that help you thrive Engineering degree (essential); CPEng and/or RPEQ/RPEV highly regarded. Extensive experience (ideally 12+ years) in water treatment, with demonstrated technical leadership experience. Strong understanding of municipal potable water projects and the ability to provide technical guidance across complex projects. Established market presence, with the ability to build trusted client relationships and identify new opportunities. A collaborative leadership style, with a passion for mentoring and developing teams. Strong communication skills and a client-focused approach. Why you’ll love working with us Flexible work arrangements, including alternative start/finish times, part-time, job-sharing and hybrid work options Purchase up to 6 weeks additional annual leave per year Volunteer and representation leave Flex public holidays – swap Easter or other holidays for ones that suit you better Ready to push the limits of what’s possible? We welcome applications from individuals of all backgrounds, including those with disabilities, additional health or mental health needs, and/or neurodiverse conditions. If you require any adjustments during the hiring process, please let us know. Applications are reviewed as they come in, and the role may close earlier than expected, so if this opportunity sounds like you, we encourage you to apply as soon as possible. Learn more about life at AECOM: LinkedIn , Facebook , Instagram , X , YouTube - explore our AECOM voices, employee stories, latest projects, and much more! At AECOM, we are committed to maintaining a secure and trustworthy recruitment process and take any fraudulent hiring activity seriously. To support this commitment, all newly hired employees are required to attend an in-person Day 1 onboarding at an AECOM office location as a condition of employment. AECOM acknowledges the Traditional Owners and Custodians of the lands on which we, our clients and our communities live and work around Australia. We pay our respects to their cultures and to their Elders — past, present, and emerging. We are committed to connecting to Country in our work through meaningful engagement with First Nations peoples and businesses. Find out more about our Australian Reconciliation Action Plan here: https://aecom.com/au/our-vision-for-reconciliation/. About AECOM AECOM is the world’s trusted infrastructure consulting firm, delivering professional services throughout the project lifecycle – from advisory, planning, design and engineering to program and construction management. On projects spanning transportation, buildings, water, new energy and the environment, our public- and private-sector clients trust us to solve their most complex challenges. Our teams are driven by a common purpose to deliver a better world through our unrivaled technical and digital expertise, a culture of equity, diversity and inclusion, and a commitment to environmental, social and governance priorities. AECOM is a Fortune 500 firm and its Professional Services business had revenue of $16.1 billion in fiscal year 2025. See how we are delivering sustainable legacies for generations to come at aecom.com and @AECOM. Freedom to Grow in a World of Opportunity You will have the flexibility you need to do your best work with hybrid work options. Whether you’re working from an AECOM office, remote location or at a client site, you will be working in a dynamic environment where your integrity, entrepreneurial spirit and pioneering mindset are championed. You will help us foster a culture of equity, diversity and inclusion – a safe and respectful workplace, where we invite everyone to bring their whole selves to work using their unique talents, backgrounds and expertise to create transformational outcomes for our clients. AECOM provides a wide array of compensation and benefits programs to meet the diverse needs of our employees and their families. We also provide a robust global well-being program. We’re the world’s trusted global infrastructure firm, and we’re in this together – your growth and success are ours too. Join us, and you’ll get all the benefits of being a part of a global, publicly traded firm – access to industry-leading technology and thinking and transformational work with big impact and work flexibility. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we believe in each person’s potential, and we’ll help you reach yours.
