Sample ID: real_029
Label: legitimate
Source site: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com
Original posting URL: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/Canva/6000000001226913-head-of-product-design-growth
Collected at: 2026-07-14
Text SHA-256: 045186a3ae6287c4646762c9d9b7b8b89b2964eee420e98a900eb930399afed3

--- Captured job-advertisement text ---

Head of Product Design - Growth. Employer: Canva. Location: Sydney, , Australia. Employment type: Full-time. Join the team redefining how the world experiences design. Hey, g'day, mabuhay, kia ora, 你好, hallo, vítejte! Thanks for stopping by. We know job hunting can be a little time consuming and you're probably keen to find out what's on offer, so we'll get straight to the point. Where and how you can work Our flagship Sydney campus is uniquely Canva - an extension of our Surry Hills neighbourhood. It’s a thoughtfully designed space with plenty of room to collaborate, focus, and connect. This role is ideally based in Sydney, and we’re looking for someone who calls it home. Our hybrid way of working gives you the flexibility to work remotely, and to come together on campus for meaningful in-person collaboration and connection when it matters most. We trust our Canvanauts to choose the balance that empowers them and their team to achieve their goals. What you’d be doing in this role As Canva scales change continues to be part of our DNA. But we like to think that's all part of the fun. So this will give you the flavour of the type of things you'll be working on when you start, but this will likely evolve. At the moment, this role is focused on: Setting and driving design vision and strategy across the Growth Supergroup, connecting design decisions to real growth outcomes Leading, coaching, and growing a team of design leaders and senior designers — building a high-performing, craft-driven culture that moves with speed and intention Partnering with cross-functional leaders across Product, Engineering, Data, and Marketing to shape strategy and roadmap decisions Championing an AI-first, prototype-driven approach to problem solving — embedding this mindset across the team Establishing quality standards and design processes that scale across multiple groups and product surfaces Identifying opportunities for experimentation and innovation that drive activation, engagement, and retention Influencing and aligning stakeholders, including founder & exec level, across Canva to deliver cohesive, high-quality end-to-end user experiences. You're probably a match if You bring a clear design vision and the ability to connect it directly to business and growth strategy You still design and prototype yourself, not just direct the work — and you give detailed craft feedback that raises the bar for your team You have experience shaping product led growth, especially in areas of b2c SaaS products, with a track record of measurable impact You're fluent with AI tools in your design practice and excited to lead an AI-first team culture You can zoom out to set vision and zoom in to guide execution — and you know when to do each You've built and developed design leaders before, and you get real satisfaction from uplifting the people around you You're data-literate and use experimentation and insights to guide your decisions, not just your instincts About the team The Growth Supergroup is focused on making sure every Canva user discovers value quickly — and keeps finding it every day. We work across activation, engagement, expansion, and monetisation, partnering closely with Product, Engineering, Data, and Marketing to experiment, learn, and scale what works. Our mission is to make Canva indispensable in the lives of our users, at global scale. What's in it for you? Achieving our crazy big goals motivates us to work hard - and we do - but you'll experience lots of moments of magic, connectivity and fun woven throughout life at Canva, too. We also offer a range of benefits to set you up for every success in and outside of work. Here's a taste of what's on offer: Equity packages - we want our success to be yours too Inclusive parental leave policy that supports all parents & carers An annual Vibe & Thrive allowance to support your wellbeing, social connection, office setup & more Flexible leave options that empower you to be a force for good, take time to recharge and supports you personally Check out lifeatcanva.com for more info. Other stuff to know We make hiring decisions based on your experience, skills and passion, as well as how you can enhance Canva and our culture. When you apply, please tell us the pronouns you use and any reasonable adjustments you may need during the interview process. We celebrate all types of skills and backgrounds at Canva so even if you don’t feel like your skills quite match what’s listed above - we still want to hear from you! Please note that interviews are conducted virtually.
