Sample ID: real_006
Label: legitimate
Source site: https://au.seek.com
Original posting URL: https://au.seek.com/job/93076444
Collected at: 2026-07-14
Text SHA-256: 06fb39b1a241cc52c83a87567963e19f11907b85a474aee5a59f5a8aa3e40337

--- Captured job-advertisement text ---

Software Developer (Jnr). Employer: iasset.com Pty Ltd. The Company Our culture deems that our people work from wherever they feel most productive. We empower their journey by providing the flexibility enhancing a creative work environment. Experience has proven that this is how our world class and market leading SaaS platform is created and maintained. We are proud to be have been recognised as a Great Place to Work, a testament to our team and commitment to providing an approachable management structure, flexibility, and a focus on balance at work, and at home. Craftsmanship, creativity and candour drives our success. Our culture is positive, honest and professional and we encourage open communication, embrace change, and strive for technical mastery. iasset.com operates at an extremely fast pace. Agility is core to our operations and we all work collaboratively to ensure the continued success of our business. You will enjoy great benefits including workplace flexibility, a day off for your birthday, the opportunity to be a change agent in an emerging high growth company, and an experienced leadership team who foster a uniquely fresh and innovative environment. Please visit our YouTube Channel - ChannelTalks for more information on our business. The Opportunity We are looking for an enthusiastic and driven Junior Software Developer who loves coding and seeking new challenges! Excellent verbal and written communication skills is key to this role along with an understanding of how your role contributes to business strategy, growth and exceeding customer expectations. This is an exciting opportunity to work with Senior Software Developers to develop your skills and grow with our organisation. The atmosphere is fun, consultative and focused on delivering best of class products to our global client base. About you You will thrive in our dynamic and fast paced environment where you can grow, learn and feel challenged. Experience & Qualifications: · Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent demonstrable experience · 2+ years relevant experience · Exposure to Microsoft .Net Framework (C#, WebApi, Entity Framework, …) · Exposure to modern JavaScript frameworks such as Angular or React · Basic understanding of relational databases and SQL (experience with SQL Server or Azure SQL is desirable) · Exposure to cloud platforms, preferably Microsoft Azure. · Understanding of software development principles, including the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Agile methodologies. · Knowledge of RESTful APIs and object-oriented programming concepts. · An understanding of version control systems such as Git. · An understanding of software testing principles, with a willingness to learn automated testing practices. · Familiarity with AI-assisted development tools (e.g. GitHub Copilot, ChatGPT, Azure AI Foundry) and an interest in using them responsibly to support coding, testing, debugging, documentation, and continuous learning. Whilst this role is remote, we are looking for candidates in NSW only. APPLY NOW Note to Recruiters: iasset.com does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, employees or any other company location. iasset.com is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
