Sample ID: real_015
Label: legitimate
Source site: https://jobs.lever.co/deputy
Original posting URL: https://jobs.lever.co/deputy/ed279491-acff-4d4b-89a0-7a2e91b22803
Collected at: 2026-07-14
Text SHA-256: 2c3123269a736aa79d575f6cc106feb8bbbe34b7bf4e44976e5c4d8488b327c3

--- Captured job-advertisement text ---

Account Manager Employer: deputy. Sydney Sydney Melbourne Full Time Account Management Deputy is a global SaaS workforce management company with hubs in Sydney, Melbourne, San Francisco and London, plus team members working remotely across the United States. Our platform serves over 1.5 million workers and 375,000 workplaces across 100+ countries. We are backed by top global investors and recently achieved Unicorn status. At Deputy, we’re improving the world of work, one shift at a time, for 80% of the world’s workforce: hourly workers. These are the dedicated employees who keep our world running – from baristas to nurses, cleaners to delivery drivers, florists to factory workers. Despite their vital role in society, most workplace technology has focused on those workers who sit behind a desk, but at Deputy, we transform the frontline. When businesses use Deputy, their workplaces thrive – the business is more profitable, compliant, and productive, while the workers are more engaged and happier at work. We're becoming an AI-native company, a commitment that means you'll be empowered (and expected) to use AI tools and thinking in your day-to-day work. You'll have the training, support, and freedom to use AI responsibly and creatively to spark ideas, solve problems faster, and unlock new ways of working. If you’re passionate about creating solutions that put people first and helping businesses and their teams thrive, join us at Deputy and make an impact where it matters most! The Team: Our Account Management team is passionate, creative, and customer-centric. We help advise and guide a wide variety of global customers from industries like healthcare to entertainment to retail and many more. Our key focus is empowering customers to utilise Deputy’s tools to achieve strategic outcomes and help them grow their businesses into thriving workplaces. As a team we value the diverse perspectives and experiences each team member brings to the table and are looking for individuals who are passionate about having a huge part in building a best in class experience for our customers. The role: As an Account Manager, you will focus on the commercial aspect of the customer partnership. You will proactively manage customer relationships around renewals and expansion conversations while becoming a trusted advisor to these customers. You will identify and understand new business opportunities that add value to your customer’s business and align Deputy with their strategic plans to build a stronger partnership. You are a highly motivated self-starter looking to engage and manage customers to ensure long term retention. Responsibilities Engage with multiple customers in the SMB space to build a stronger partnership between their business and Deputy Own the relationship with key decision makers to drive renewal, expansion, and upsell conversations Use data and work closely with Customer Success Managers to identify trends with accounts and strategic growth opportunities Drive higher levels of adoption for customers who are underutilising the Deputy solution Maintain a thorough understanding of a customer’s business needs Manage sales funnel of renewals and expansion opportunities while working closely with legal, sales and marketing on commercial aspects of partnerships Be proactive about flagging customer risk, issues and threats Maintain knowledge of trends in workforce management, and time & attendance industry Continuously analyse and deliver feedback to leadership teams and participate in process improvements as well as optimisation of existing procedures Skills & Experience 3+ years of B2B Account Management experience (managing a book of revenue and upselling) Strong negotiation skills and ability to navigate multilayer organizations Results oriented and demonstrate integrity with a proven and consistent record of top performance Ability to understand and assess client objectives and create solutions Excellent written and verbal communication skills, in particular a strong telephone presence and web presentation skills Strong technical aptitude, previous use of Salesforce or similar CRM system Willingness and ability to meet with key accounts face to face (when safe to do so) Employee Perks - Enjoy a flexible work policy (with a work-from-home stipend to set you up for success!) - Own A piece of Deputy via our Employee Share Ownership Plan (ESOP) - Take paid parental leave to support you and your family - Stay protected with Group Salary Continuance Insurance - Access support through our Employee Assistance Program - Enjoy additional leave days — including study assistance, celebration days and volunteering - Join our global working groups focused on collaboration, belonging and connection - Get creative at our annual Hackathons - Take advantage of our novated leasing for electric vehicles, internet reimbursement and more! Deputy believes in equal opportunity and that inclusiveness and diversity promotes innovation. Our global team members are from a variety of cultures. And we welcome different perspective and skills. #LI-Hybrid
