Sample ID: real_017
Label: legitimate
Source site: https://jobs.lever.co/kogan
Original posting URL: https://jobs.lever.co/kogan/5a5a81e6-47f8-4523-bfa1-99c21f89f098
Collected at: 2026-07-14
Text SHA-256: b3292857a6823ad0827682d0be02f30d9e32592e2584eb5cc2b1869996922bb3

--- Captured job-advertisement text ---

Business Development Manager Employer: kogan. South Melbourne, Victoria South Melbourne, Victoria Full Time Marketplace Want to help shape the future of eCommerce in Australia and New Zealand within a successful and rapidly growing team? A role within our Marketplace Team could be just what you're looking for! We have a fantastic new opportunity for a Business Development Manager to join the team! Reporting to our Head of Sales – Marketplace, this role will support the acquisition and growth of new sellers, helping to bring the most relevant, best-priced product ranges onboard to further our customer choice. In this role, you will be instrumental in learning the ropes of marketplace dynamics while driving growth across both the Kogan.com and Mighty Ape platforms. We’re looking for a motivated, commercially-minded, and customer-centric individual who is eager to identify new opportunities and help innovate our Marketplace offering. You’ll be part of a fast-paced, constantly evolving business where your agility and ability to respond to market trends will be the key to your success! Whether you have a couple of years in a Sales/ Commercial environment and are now looking to explore your passion for eCommerce and technology, or are a Junior Category Coordinator / Assistant Buyer looking to transition from traditional retail into the exciting world of pure-play online retail, we want to hear from you. Above all, you are driven by customer-centric outcomes and are excited about creating the best possible experience for our community of sellers and customers alike. In this role you'll be responsible for: Identifying and Onboarding New Sellers: Proactively seek out potential sellers that align with our marketplace’s strategic goals and customer needs. Vetting Incoming Leads: Assess incoming seller applications to ensure they meet our standards and criteria. Building Strong Seller Relationships: Develop and maintain relationships with new and existing sellers to ensure ongoing collaboration and success. Conducting Market Research: Analyse market trends and competitor activities to identify new opportunities for seller acquisition. Negotiating Contracts: Negotiate terms and agreements with sellers to secure the best deals. Collaborating with Internal Teams: Work closely with other teams to ensure a seamless onboarding process for new sellers. To be successful in this role, you should be: University Degree qualified in a relevant field (Business, Commerce, Marketing etc). Commercially savvy, with demonstrated experience and success within a commercial role, preferably within a Retail or eCommerce environment. Highly analytical and logical, and always looking for new areas of opportunity. Able to develop strong relationships, through excellent communication and negotiation skills. Have developed exceptional time management skills, being able to effectively manage multiple projects and timelines successfully. Tech savvy and able to use various IT and cloud-based tools to improve efficiency and productivity. An AI enthusiast who is proficient in leveraging Artificial Intelligence tools to automate workflows, analyse data, and enhance decision-making speed. Ready to challenge, be challenged, and work within our highly disruptive business model. Why Kogan.com? Work with an incredible team to solve important challenges, helping to drive Australia and New Zealand’s eCommerce future Your role has a lot of ownership, autonomy and little red tape. You’ll be empowered to achieve positive outcomes and your work will have a real impact You’ll be at the forefront of the eCommerce industry with us and be part of a company that are the Pioneers of eCommerce in Australia Be an Intrepreneur, playing a hands on role in shaping our strategy at our HQ A range of employee benefits such as; complimentary Kogan First Membership, team exclusive discounts, Health & Wellness program, Learning & Development and Lunch & Learns, Hackathons, Team member referral program, Company and team events and celebrations, community engagement (volunteering) and extensive career development opportunities plus loads more! To apply Express your interest in this opportunity by uploading your CV and Cover Letter, outlining your interest in the position and how you think you can help grow the Kogan business. Hot tip, generic Cover Letters won’t cut it here! Stand out with an application that shows a deep knowledge of the Kogan.com business and how we operate, to allow yours to be looked upon more favourably. Innovative thinking got our business to where it is now, so it makes sense that we look for like-minded problem solvers! As a first step to our process, all new candidates will be sent testing, so be sure to keep an eye out for it! About Us We’re Kogan.com, Pioneers of eCommerce in Australia. At Kogan.com we offer rewarding careers, where you build your skills, are mentored by the best in the industry and get to share your expert knowledge in an innovative Company where your ideas and opinions count. You get to solve really important challenges to drive eCommerce’s future, and get to do it with a great team culture and benefits! Join Kogan.com to master your craft, do your best work, make a real difference and work with the best. At Kogan.com, your work will have an immediate impact on transforming the Australian and New Zealand retail environment. Heads up! Kogan.com is a fast-paced business - our vacancy close dates are subject to change. We will assess applications as they are received, so don't wait to apply! All new Kogan.com team members are required to undergo a National Police Record check and must have full-time Australian working rights
