Sample ID: real_028
Label: legitimate
Source site: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com
Original posting URL: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/Canva/6000000001230345-backend-software-engineer-product-features-java-
Collected at: 2026-07-14
Text SHA-256: 6f6516d3768960a7a1df49e03dbdb5a16ba497b899fed90bd1e0a3e695b10e6f

--- Captured job-advertisement text ---

Backend Software Engineer - Product & Features (Java) . Employer: Canva. Location: Sydney, NSW, Australia. Employment type: Full-time. Join the team redefining how the world experiences design. Hey, g'day, mabuhay, kia ora, 你好, hallo, vítejte! Thanks for stopping by. We know job hunting can be a little time consuming and you're probably keen to find out what's on offer, so we'll get straight to the point. Where and how you can work Our flagship Sydney campus is uniquely Canva - an extension of our Surry Hills neighbourhood. It’s a thoughtfully designed space with plenty of room to collaborate, focus, and connect. This role is based in Sydney, and we’re looking for someone who calls it home. Our hybrid way of working gives you the flexibility to work remotely, and to come together on campus for meaningful in-person collaboration and connection when it matters most. We trust our Canvanauts to choose the balance that empowers them and their team to achieve their goals. But you have choice in where and how you work, we trust our Canvanauts to choose the balance that empowers them and their team to achieve their goals. What you’d be doing in this role Backend roles at Canva can vary significantly depending on the team—each focused on solving meaningful problems at scale. You might help build scalable APIs powering millions of user interactions, improve system performance and reliability at scale, or contribute to shared services and internal tools. With multiple teams hiring backend engineers, we’d love to learn what excites you most and find the right fit for your passions and strengths. You’ll work closely with product managers, designers, and frontend engineers to deliver end-to-end experiences that have real user impact. Whether you're designing new systems or maintaining critical infrastructure, your work will play a key role in Canva’s mission to empower the world to design. As Canva scales, change continues to be part of our DNA. But we like to think that's all part of the fun. So this will give you the flavour of the type of things you'll be working on when you start, but this will likely evolve. As a general guide, here’s what a backend engineer at this level typically focuses on day to day: Designing and implementing backend features within an existing service architecture Building and maintaining services that power user experiences and internal systems at scale Writing clean, well-tested, and maintainable code with guidance from more experienced engineers Collaborating with engineers, product managers, and designers to understand problems and ship high-quality solutions Participating in code reviews, pair programming, and technical discussions as part of a supportive team Contributing to system health by writing tests, improving observability, and fixing bugs or performance issues Continuously learning through mentorship, feedback, and exposure to different parts of Canva’s engineering stack You're probably a match if You are experienced in building backend systems using Java in a production environment You have strong Java fundamentals and can confidently write production-grade code, applying backend concepts like multithreading, service design, and performance optimisation in real-world systems. You understand the basics of distributed systems and are comfortable developing and consuming RESTful APIs You can work through problems from design to deployment with support from your team You apply sound engineering practices—such as testing, monitoring, and documentation—and write clean, maintainable code You enjoy collaborating with engineers, designers, and product managers to build end-to-end solutions You take initiative, seek feedback, and are always looking to improve your craft and contribute to your team’s success You have hands-on experience using AI in coding/programming to drive greater impact Engineering at Canva Join a vibrant engineering community solving complex problems for millions of users, world wide. Here, engineering is about more than writing great code. It’s about rapidly iterating to deliver real value for users - building a product that empowers the world to design. We care deeply about craft and collaborate closely to achieve hugely ambitious goals. We mentor and support one another generously, grounded in a culture of ownership, purpose, and a shared commitment to excellence. What's in it for you? Achieving our crazy big goals motivates us to work hard - and we do - but you'll experience lots of moments of magic, connectivity and fun woven throughout life at Canva, too. We also offer a range of benefits to set you up for every success in and outside of work. Here's a taste of what's on offer: Equity packages - we want our success to be yours too Inclusive parental leave policy that supports all parents & carers An annual Vibe & Thrive allowance to support your wellbeing, social connection, office setup & more Flexible leave options that empower you to be a force for good, take time to recharge and supports you personally Check out lifeatcanva.com for more info. Other stuff to know We make hiring decisions based on your experience, skills and passion, as well as how you can enhance Canva and our culture. We see AI as a powerful amplifier of creativity and technology at Canva. We’re evolving how we assess AI skills in our Technology hiring experience - you’ll tackle interactive, real-time challenges that reflect the kind of work we do. In some interviews, you may also be asked to solve a problem using an AI tool to show how you approach challenges with tech by your side. Please note that interviews are conducted virtually. .
