Sample ID: real_041
Label: legitimate
Source site: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io
Original posting URL: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/cultureamp/jobs/8054865
Collected at: 2026-07-14
Text SHA-256: f4f45d54ea37203f30b7618656221f12f208ad3374c408419ac6bd00f09953f8

--- Captured job-advertisement text ---

Associate Data Scientist. Employer: cultureamp. Location: Melbourne. We’re big believers in the power of IRL, so for most roles we ask Campers to work from their local Culture Amp office an average of 2 days a week to unlock connection, pace and culture together. Join us on our mission to make a better world of work. Culture Amp is the world’s leading employee experience platform, revolutionizing how 25 million employees across more than 6,000 companies create a better world of work. Culture Amp empowers companies of all sizes and industries to transform employee engagement, drive performance management, and develop high-performing teams. Powered by people science and the most comprehensive employee dataset in the world, the most innovative companies including Canva, On, Asana, Dolby, McDonalds and Nasdaq depend on Culture Amp every day. Culture Amp is backed by leading venture capital funds and has offices in the US, UK, Germany and Australia. Culture Amp has been recognized as one of the world’s top private cloud companies by Forbes and most innovative companies by Fast Company. For more information visit cultureamp.com . We are looking for an Associate Data Scientist who would like to be part of our journey to create differentiating AI powered features in our world leading product set. This means you will get involved in defining and designing solutions for the problems we need to solve, exploring and uplifting the data quality and enrichment, as well as working on our AI tools, platforms and products. You will leverage a data science approach to product design, experimentation, metrics definition, evaluation and monitoring to prove value for our customers. Data Scientists at Culture Amp are specialists who work with others to bring their expertise and views to positively impact and support the delivery of value for our customers. You will: Work with engineers and other data scientists to develop, test and deploy AI powered features. Solve real world challenges with an ethical and human centric approach. Develop robust data pipelines, LLM based enrichment processes, and evaluation systems. Participate in broader conversations and skills sharing with engineers, people scientists and data scientists. Stay up to date with current research, literature and provider offerings to enable the pragmatic application to Culture Amps customer needs. You have: Experience with classical data science, statistics, model training, and data exploration. Experience working with LLMs, especially evaluation, metrics, and agentic workflows. Comfortable with SQL, preferably with an enterprise database system like Redshift, Postgres. Experience with data science tooling - Python and associated libraries (pandas, numpy etc) Understanding of statistical and machine learning models. Knowledge of experimental design, statistical testing and model validation. Experience in data visualization tools such as plotly, seaborn, streamlit. Understanding of data modelling and exposure to tools like metaflow or airflow is desirable. Understanding of common software practices like version control, continuous deployment, and testing. Formal training in either Data Science, Applied Machine Learning, Informatics, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, or Computer Science. You are: Curious and have a learning mindset. A pragmatic, critical thinker, asking the right questions, and backing up assertions with logic and data. Able to make the complex simple, to persuasively communicate with a range of stakeholders. Excited about making data and AI products that have real impact in people’s lives. Someone who shares our passion for making a better world of work. Not afraid to learn through making mistakes and asking for help. Perks & Benefits At Culture Amp, our people are at the heart of our success. We offer competitive pay and a total rewards package designed to support you at work and in life. This includes: Equity through our Employee Share Option Program, so you can share in our long-term success Learning programs and coaching to help you thrive and grow Quarterly refresh days, an extended end-of-year break and a monthly allowance to support your wellbeing and lifestyle Inclusive parental leave from day one A MacBook and budget to set up your home workspace, enabling flexibility Five annual social impact days to to give back to causes that matter to you Medical insurance coverage for you and your family (Available for US & UK only) Our rewards are designed to support different needs and life stages, recognising that what matters most can vary from person to person. Research shows that candidates from underrepresented backgrounds may hesitate to apply if they don’t meet every requirement, but your unique experience matters. If you’re interested in joining us, we strongly encourage you to apply and help us build a more diverse and impactful team. Accommodations & Data Privacy If you require reasonable accommodations or adjustments due to a disability to complete the online application or to participate in the interview process, please contact [email removed] and identify the type of accommodation or assistance you are requesting. Do not include any medical or health information in this email. The Reasonable Accommodations team will respond to your email promptly. Culture Amp will retain your CV & personal information for a period of two years (four years for the US) from the date of your application process completion. Culture Amp may contact you in relation to future job opportunities during this time period. For further information please see our privacy policy here or contact [email removed] .
