Sample ID: real_005
Label: legitimate
Source site: https://au.seek.com
Original posting URL: https://au.seek.com/job/93243552
Collected at: 2026-07-14
Text SHA-256: f945314b19dc4b03955881a5ba1c3a886568263aba89a74e4aac7eaf2acc5178

--- Captured job-advertisement text ---

Software Engineer. Employer: HCL Australia Services Pty Ltd. About the Company We are HCLTech, one of the fastest-growing large tech companies in the world and home to 219,000+ people across 54 countries, supercharging progress through industry-leading capabilities centered around Digital, Engineering and Cloud. The driving force behind that work, our people, are diverse, creative, and passionate, raising the bar for excellence on a regular basis. We, in turn, work hard to bring out the best in them as we strive to help them find their spark and become the best version of themselves that they can be. Are you ready to be an important part of this ever-transformational journey? At HCLTech Australia, we value the unique perspective and contributions of all individual people to apply for this role. Duration: 12 months Fixed term contract with possibilities to go permanent. Location: Sydney. About the Role We are looking for a Software Engineer with strong engineering fundamentals (SOLID, DRY, Composition over Inheritance) Required Skills Strong software engineering fundamentals (SOLID, DRY, Composition over Inheritance) Experience with CI/CD pipelines and DevOps practices Hands-on experience with GitHub Actions TypeScript or JavaScript development experience Understanding of automated testing (UI, integration, or unit testing) Knowledge/Experience with Playwright is highly desirable Background in .NET/C# or Java is advantageous Exposure to DevSecOps, dependency management, and security remediation initiatives Why Us: We are one of the fastest-growing large tech companies in the world, with offices in 50+ countries across the globe and 219,000 employees. Our company is extremely diverse with 165 nationalities represented. We offer the opportunity to work with colleagues across the globe. We offer a virtual-first work environment, promoting a good work-life integration and real flexibility. We offer comprehensive benefits for all employees. We are a certified great place to work and a top employer in 17 countries, offering a positive work environment that values employee recognition and respect. Equal Opportunity Statement Representing 165 nationalities across the globe, we pride ourselves on being an equal opportunity employer, committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees regardless of race, religion, sex, colour, age, national origin, pregnancy, sexual orientation, physical disability or genetic information, military or veteran status, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people or any other protected classification, in accordance with federal, state, and/or local law. Candidate Data Privacy Notice | HCL Technologies We are committed to respecting your privacy and for the protection of your personal data. Your personal data will be collected and processed in line with our candidate privacy notice: https://www.hcltech.com/candidate-privacy-notice. This privacy notice will help you to understand what personal data we collect about you, how we use this personal data, and what rights you have regarding your personal data. By replying to this email or submitting any personal data to HCLTech, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the candidate privacy notice and have provided your consent to the processing of your data for recruitment purposes as described in the privacy notice.
