Sample ID: real_047
Label: legitimate
Source site: https://hipagesgroup.com.au
Original posting URL: https://hipagesgroup.com.au/careers/7962157?gh_jid=7962157
Collected at: 2026-07-14
Text SHA-256: d064ea629acf8332b32ebff2f6b3489a8c04d572a35524d65e1a671fa9163923

--- Captured job-advertisement text ---

Account Manager . Employer: hipagesgroup. Location: Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. We’re hipages - Australia’s #1 digital platform connecting homeowners with trusted tradies. As an ASX-listed tech company, we're on a mission to transform the trade industry and improve lives. With teams across Australia, New Zealand, the Philippines and Vietnam, we work as one team with a shared purpose. We’re proud to be a certified Great Place to Work and WORK180’s #1 Employer for Women . At hipages, you’ll find real impact, career growth and a workplace where everyone belongs. Why join our Sales team: 💸 $78K + super + $42K uncapped commission , benefits and perks! 🌴 hi-Achiever Club recognises and rewards high performance with awesome incentives and prizes 🥇 Work for a market leader in the industry as part of a high-performing team 🎂 Birthday, anniversary and volunteer leave About the Role: Join our motivated Account Management team in a fast-paced tele-sales environment where our Account Managers are the critical point of contact for our tradie customers, ranging from sole traders to small and medium business owners. This is a high-volume phone-based role, where you will manage a portfolio of 600+ accounts. Your goal is to help tradies maximise their return on investment (ROI) through our platform, ensuring they get the most value from their subscriptions.This role will suit someone who enjoys working in a structured role, with a strong focus on meeting daily targets. There is also lots of opportunity to have fun, finesse your sales skills and to exceed your targets, here’s what your day-to-day looks like: Hitting Daily Targets (Activity and Revenue): Make at least 60 dials or 2.5 hours of talk time daily through inbound/outbound calls. Hit revenue targets by upselling, renewing subscriptions, and handling debt collection. Managing Accounts: Manage a portfolio of 600+ tradie customers, typically sole traders and small business owners. Renew tradies’ subscription contracts before they expire. Identify opportunities to upgrade subscription packages to suit their business needs. Retain customers by addressing inquiries, solving problems, and providing tailored solutions. Negotiate payment plans that benefit both the customer and the business. Offering win-win solutions that align with the customer’s financial situation while ensuring payment is collected. Building Relationships: Engage with tradie customers over the phone, learning about their businesses, understanding their pain points, and helping them succeed. Keep Salesforce updated with customer insights. Compliance and Quality Assurance: Follow scripts and regulations, ensuring high-quality customer interactions. About You: You’ve worked in a high-volume call centre before, and you are comfortable with making 60-80 dials a day or hitting 2.5 hours of talk time. You’re resilient, driven, and love turning a “NO” into a “YES” with your sales and negotiation skills. You thrive in a fast-paced environment and enjoy winning when hitting targets. You have strong verbal and written communication skills, with strong negotiation capabilities. You’re comfortable with learning new systems and adapting to new processes. Working Holiday Visa 417 holders are encouraged to apply. Life at hipages: We’re more than just a workplace - we’re a place where you can be yourself, do great work and grow your career. Recognised as a Great Place to Work, our inclusive, supportive culture helps people thrive. You’ll use the best tools and tech, with real impact on our products and customers. We invest in your development and lead with coaching, not micromanagement – it’s why 85% of our team say their leader is great. And there’s more: Diverse, collaborative teams that love solving problems Agile squads, hackathons, off-sites and roadshows Extra leave for birthdays, volunteering, and more Healthy snacks, continental breakfast and fresh fruit Melbourne office near South Yarra Train Station Tailored growth support, mentoring and stretch projects A vibrant social scene - we work hard and have fun doing it We prioritise Diversity: At hipages, innovation and collaboration thrive in diverse and inclusive teams. We don’t expect you to know everything - we care more about who you are as a person, a team member, and a leader. We’re proud to be endorsed by WORK180 for supporting women’s careers and we value diversity across culture, age, gender identity and sexual orientation. Research shows that men often apply when they meet just 60% of the criteria, while women and minority groups wait until they tick every box. If you think you’d be a great fit - even if you don’t meet every requirement- we’d love to hear from you. We’re also a Circle Back Initiative Employer , which means we commit to responding to every applicant. #LI-Onsite-DS1
