Sample ID: real_050
Label: legitimate
Source site: https://hipagesgroup.com.au
Original posting URL: https://hipagesgroup.com.au/careers/7872933?gh_jid=7872933
Collected at: 2026-07-14
Text SHA-256: c419849588c4fd7d8cd4faf4913c6f84714dcbf735d491fc0e3321bc5819fe8f

--- Captured job-advertisement text ---

Outbound Sales Consultant. Employer: hipagesgroup. Location: Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. We’re hipages - Australia’s #1 digital platform connecting homeowners with trusted tradies. As an ASX-listed tech company, we're on a mission to transform the trade industry and improve lives. With teams across Australia, New Zealand, the Philippines and Vietnam, we work as one team with a shared purpose. We’re proud to be a certified Great Place to Work and WORK180’s #1 Employer for Women . At hipages, you’ll find real impact, career growth and a workplace where everyone belongs. Why join our Sales team? 💸 $73K base salary + $42K OTE Commissions (uncapped) + Super 🙋 Build your sales skills, including closing and objection handling 🍾 Awesome benefits and perks 🌴 hi-Achiever Club recognises and rewards high performance with fun annual holidays 🎂 Birthday, anniversary and volunteer leave About the Role: Join our motivated new business team in a fast-paced call centre environment where our Outbound Sales Consultants focus on calls to trades people on a free trial period and convert them into a full paid membership. This is a high-volume phone-based role, where you will communicate the key benefits tradies will receive as a member of hipages. This role will suit someone who enjoys working in a structured role, with a strong focus on meeting daily targets. There’s also lots of opportunity to have fun, finesse your sales skills and to exceed your targets, here’s what your day-to-day looks like: Hitting Daily Targets (Activity and Revenue): 📞Make at least 100 dials and 2.5 hours talk time daily through inbound and outbound calls. 💵Hit revenue targets by closing sales, sealing the deal and signing tradies up to our platform. 🥇Achieve weekly and monthly incentives! Building Relationships: Engage with tradie customers over the phone, learn about their businesses, understand their pain points, and promote the benefits of the platform. Manage enquiries and objections. Enter tradie customer details into Salesforce CRM. Compliance and Quality Assurance: Follow scripts and regulations, ensuring high-quality customer interactions. About You: You’re someone who thrives in a fast-paced environment and enjoys meeting challenges head-on. Whether you're handling high call volumes (80+ per day) or hitting ambitious targets, you bring resilience and determination to everything you do. You have a natural talent for turning challenges into opportunities—transforming a “NO” into a “YES” through your strong sales and negotiation skills. You excel at building relationships, both over the phone and through written communication, using your ability to listen, understand, and respond effectively to customers’ needs. Adaptable and tech-savvy, you’re comfortable learning new systems and processes as you go, and you’re always eager to improve and grow in your role. You understand the importance of teamwork, collaboration, and support. You enjoy celebrating both individual and collective wins with a team that values your contributions. Previous experience with Salesforce is a plus, but not a must—what’s most important is your drive to learn and succeed. Working Holiday Visa 417 holders with relevant experience are encouraged to apply. Life at hipages: We’re more than just a workplace - we’re a place where you can be yourself, do great work and grow your career. Recognised as a Great Place to Work, our inclusive, supportive culture helps people thrive. You’ll use the best tools and tech, with real impact on our products and customers. We invest in your development and lead with coaching, not micromanagement – it’s why 85% of our team say their leader is great. And there’s more: Diverse, collaborative teams that love solving problems Agile squads, hackathons, off-sites and roadshows Extra leave for birthdays, volunteering, and more Healthy snacks, continental breakfast and fresh fruit Sydney CBD office near Town Hall and Gadigal Stations Tailored growth support, mentoring and stretch projects A vibrant social scene - we work hard and have fun doing it We prioritise Diversity: At hipages, innovation and collaboration thrive in diverse and inclusive teams. We don’t expect you to know everything - we care more about who you are as a person, a team member, and a leader. We’re proud to be endorsed by WORK180 for supporting women’s careers and we value diversity across culture, age, gender identity and sexual orientation. Research shows that men often apply when they meet just 60% of the criteria, while women and minority groups wait until they tick every box. If you think you’d be a great fit - even if you don’t meet every requirement- we’d love to hear from you. We’re also a Circle Back Initiative Employer , which means we commit to responding to every applicant. #LI-Onsite-DS1
