Sample ID: real_010
Label: legitimate
Source site: https://au.seek.com
Original posting URL: https://au.seek.com/job/92742602
Collected at: 2026-07-14
Text SHA-256: 7643f92c49c26e09122ff7965f3b88219be40d52decd108295e6cce90220a020

--- Captured job-advertisement text ---

Software Engineer II. Employer: Microsoft. Overview Are you looking for an opportunity to build software and systems for some of the biggest data centers that exist in the world? The Azure Networking team is responsible for designing and building the software defined network infrastructure that powers millions of servers around the globe for Azure, Bing and other Microsoft cloud services. Azure Networking is at the forefront of Hyperscale Cloud Computing and runs one of the largest datacenter network infrastructures in the world. With the explosion of artificial intelligence (AI), Microsoft has been at the forefront of developing and adopting AI technologies. Meeting the next waves of AI technologies requires new generations of network, and the Azure Networking team is tasked to design and build the next generation of AI networks. Azure Networking team is looking for world-class Software Engineers to help us in building the highest quality software to manage global scale AI networks. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Works with appropriate stakeholders to determine user requirements for a set of features. Contributes to the identification of dependencies, and the development of design documents for a product area with little oversight. Creates and implements code for a product, service, or feature, reusing code as applicable. Contributes to efforts to break down larger work items into smaller work items and provides estimation. Acts as a Designated Responsible Individual (DRI) working on-call to monitor system/product feature/service for degradation, downtime, or interruptions and gains approval to restore system/product/service for simple problems. Remains current in skills by investing time and effort into staying abreast of current developments that will improve the availability, reliability, efficiency, observability, and performance of products while also driving consistency in monitoring and operations at scale. Qualifications Required Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND 2+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python OR equivalent experience. Other Requirements: Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Preferred Qualifications: Knowledge of UNIX or Linux. Familiar with test automation tools and scripting languages. Experience with agile methodology. Proficient communication skills. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.
