Sample ID: real_018
Label: legitimate
Source site: https://jobs.lever.co/kogan
Original posting URL: https://jobs.lever.co/kogan/0bf86aba-2221-4e7b-897f-7090951ddd30
Collected at: 2026-07-14
Text SHA-256: a4a3c368cbe6ee75ba8f0e73a5f9bf0ceaab7a7a5c80423f3b3d760741297555

--- Captured job-advertisement text ---

CRM Coordinator Employer: kogan. South Melbourne, Victoria South Melbourne, Victoria Full Time Marketing Our Marketing team has a fantastic opportunity for a CRM Coordinator to join the team! Reporting through to our Head of Loyalty and Performance Marketing, you'll be responsible for supporting the delivery of CRM programs across Kogan's stores and brands, analysing data and reporting, plus managing a range of marketing automation projects. This role is perfect for a driven digital marketer looking to take the next step in their career, utilizing their existing foundation in CRM and lifecycle marketing to deliver high-quality work and enable an exceptional experience for our customers! This is a fantastic opportunity to bring your proven knowledge of digital campaigns to an industry-leading eCommerce retailer and truly own your development. If you love working with Salesforce Marketing Cloud and want to further develop your skills, you’re in luck - this is a core component of the role! If you're looking to elevate your Digital Marketing career, this is a fantastic opportunity to work in an industry-leading and innovative space, providing exposure to how an ASX listed, eCommerce pioneer runs! In this role you'll be responsible for: Supporting the delivery of CRM programs across Kogan's brands, including segmentation, deliverability, analysis and reporting Building and maintaining audience segmentation for store campaigns to drive targeted, relevant customer communications Maintaining and QAing personalised marketing automation sends and customer journeys via Salesforce Marketing Cloud (SFMC) Monitoring and reporting on CRM performance, providing regular insights and recommendations to drive business outcomes Supporting the Loyalty team's management of paid membership programmes, providing data and insights to inform, progress, and analyse the program Monitoring email deliverability and recommending improvements against benchmarks where performance falls short Partnering and coordinating with the broader Marketing and Marketing Operations teams on planning, execution and data needs To be successful in this role, you should be: University Degree qualified in a relevant field (Marketing, Analytics, Communications or similar) Exposed to or experienced with Salesforce Marketing Cloud (or a similar Marketing Automation tool), which will be highly regarded Experienced in, or have been exposed to, CRM and email marketing principles, preferably in a Retail or eCommerce environment Highly analytical and ready to delve into data. You'll be working in the detail, using data to drive business decisions and make recommendations on what you find! Tech-savvy and AI-forward. You have an interest in or exposure to utilizing AI tools (like ChatGPT, Claude, or built-in CRM predictive tools) to help brainstorm copy, streamline workflows, or analyse customer segments faster Able to multitask effectively - we expect you to juggle 50 different tasks at once without dropping the ball (we're not kidding) Inquisitive and ready to be challenged - we're not afraid of putting in hard work to deliver a superior product! Why Kogan.com? Work with an incredible team to solve important challenges, helping to drive Australia and New Zealand’s eCommerce future Your role has a lot of ownership, autonomy and little red tape You’ll be empowered to achieve positive outcomes and your work will have a real impact You’ll be at the forefront of the eCommerce industry with us and be part of a company that are the Pioneers of eCommerce in Australia Be an Intrepreneur, playing a hands on role in shaping our strategy at our HQ A range of employee benefits such as; complimentary Kogan First Membership, team exclusive discounts, Health & Wellness program, Learning & Development and Lunch & Learns, Hackathons, Team member referral program, Company and team events and celebrations, community engagement (volunteering) and extensive career development opportunities plus loads more! To apply Express your interest in this opportunity by uploading your CV and Cover Letter, outlining your interest in the position and how you think you can help grow the Kogan business. Hot tip, generic Cover Letters won’t cut it here! Stand out with an application that shows a deep knowledge of the Kogan.com business and how we operate, to allow yours to be looked upon more favourably. Innovative thinking got our business to where it is now, so it makes sense that we look for like-minded problem solvers! As a first step to our process, all new candidates will be sent testing, so be sure to keep an eye out for it! About Us We’re Kogan.com, Pioneers of eCommerce in Australia. At Kogan.com we offer rewarding careers, where you build your skills, are mentored by the best in the industry and get to share your expert knowledge in an innovative Company where your ideas and opinions count. You get to solve really important challenges to drive eCommerce’s future, and get to do it with a great team culture and benefits! Join Kogan.com to master your craft, do your best work, make a real difference and work with the best. At Kogan.com, your work will have an immediate impact on transforming the Australian and New Zealand retail environment. Heads up! Kogan.com is a fast-paced business - our vacancy close dates are subject to change. We will assess applications as they are received, so don't wait to apply! All new Kogan.com team members are required to undergo a National Police Record check and must have full-time Australian working rights
