Sample ID: real_016
Label: legitimate
Source site: https://jobs.lever.co/deputy
Original posting URL: https://jobs.lever.co/deputy/5dcaffbc-79bd-4e4f-9494-c7d243d5ce06
Collected at: 2026-07-14
Text SHA-256: 6be8f51a26e0fdafa7c932438ef01c1afc409d1fb0cd47615d6b18a4aff4a539

--- Captured job-advertisement text ---

Design Systems Engineer Employer: deputy. Sydney Sydney Full Time Design Deputy is a global SaaS workforce management company with hubs in Sydney, Melbourne, San Francisco and London, plus team members working remotely across the United States. Our platform serves over 1.5 million workers and 375,000 workplaces across 100+ countries. We are backed by top global investors and recently achieved Unicorn status. At Deputy, we’re improving the world of work, one shift at a time, for 80% of the world’s workforce: hourly workers. These are the dedicated employees who keep our world running – from baristas to nurses, cleaners to delivery drivers, florists to factory workers. Despite their vital role in society, most workplace technology has focused on those workers who sit behind a desk, but at Deputy, we transform the frontline. When businesses use Deputy, their workplaces thrive – the business is more profitable, compliant, and productive, while the workers are more engaged and happier at work. We're becoming an AI-native company, a commitment that means you'll be empowered (and expected) to use AI tools and thinking in your day-to-day work. You'll have the training, support, and freedom to use AI responsibly and creatively to spark ideas, solve problems faster, and unlock new ways of working. If you’re passionate about creating solutions that put people first and helping businesses and their teams thrive, join us at Deputy and make an impact where it matters most! We’re looking for a Design Technologist to help shape and build our design system with a strong emphasis on AI-native workflows. This role sits within the design function and focuses on translating design into code while enabling AI to meaningfully participate in that process. The role also explicitly includes designer enablement — creating low-friction workflows, templates and coaching so designers can rapidly prototype and become confident “design-and-build” prototypers. You will define how the design system is structured so it can power AI-driven design-to-code workflows, and ensure designs can be efficiently generated, validated and maintained in code. Responsibilities Design-to-Code Execution (AI-Enhanced) Build and maintain production-ready UI components that accurately reflect design intent Use AI tools to accelerate implementation, iteration, and refinement of components Validate AI-generated outputs to ensure quality, accessibility, and consistency AI-Driven Design System Enablement Shape the design system (tokens, components, patterns) to be machine-readable and AI-friendly Contribute to workflows that enable design-to-code generation using AI, and ensure components include the metadata AI needs to generate and validate code. Identify opportunities where AI can reduce manual effort in component creation and maintenance, including using AI to scaffold components, run linting, generate tests and produce documentation. Embedded Collaboration with Design Act as a core member of the design team, participating in critiques and explorations Provide technical perspective during design to ensure outputs are scalable and implementable Help designers understand how their work can better support AI-driven development Tooling & Workflow Innovation Improve integration between design tools (e.g., Figma) and engineering outputs Use AI to generate documentation, specs, and component usage guidelines Explore AI-assisted approaches to testing (visual regression, accessibility) and validation Prototype and experiment with new AI-driven workflows for design systems Consistency, Quality & Accessibility Ensure high fidelity between design and implementation Maintain accessibility and inclusive design standards across components Contribute to shared standards that improve system consistency across design and code Adoption & Advocacy Create documentation and examples that serve both designers and engineers Support teams in using the design system effectively Advocate for workflows that improve speed without compromising quality A design system that can be effectively leveraged by AI for generation, validation, and maintenance Faster iteration from design to production through AI-assisted workflows High fidelity between design intent and shipped UI, even with AI in the loop Increased efficiency for both designers and engineers using the system Skills & Experience ~4–6 years of experience in front-end engineering, design engineering, or design systems Strong proficiency in HTML, CSS, JavaScript/TypeScript Experience building UI components in modern frameworks (Vue, React, etc.) Strong design sensibility and attention to detail (visual and interaction) Experience working closely with design tools (e.g., Figma, tokens, variants) Experience or strong interest in AI-assisted design and development workflows Understanding of accessibility and inclusive design practices Familiarity with design tokens and system architecture across design and code Ability to operate fluently between design and engineering contexts Employee Perks - Enjoy a flexible work policy (with a work-from-home stipend to set you up for success!) - Own A piece of Deputy via our Employee Share Ownership Plan (ESOP) - Take paid parental leave to support you and your family - Stay protected with Group Salary Continuance Insurance - Access support through our Employee Assistance Program - Enjoy additional leave days — including study assistance, celebration days and volunteering - Join our global working groups focused on collaboration, belonging and connection - Get creative at our annual Hackathons - Take advantage of our novated leasing for electric vehicles, internet reimbursement and more! Learn more about our Design, Engineering & Product teams here Deputy believes in equal opportunity and that inclusiveness and diversity promotes innovation. Our global team members are from a variety of cultures. And we welcome different perspective and skills. #LI-Hybrid
