Sample ID: real_038
Label: legitimate
Source site: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com
Original posting URL: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/Octopus1/744000133854131-business-development-manager-octopus-australia
Collected at: 2026-07-14
Text SHA-256: 87553c93b3de16004c3ad89f6215b0cd90ca2a8ec6c40642dd57fc58cc4b93a8

--- Captured job-advertisement text ---

Business Development Manager - Octopus Australia. Employer: Octopus. Location: South Yarra, VIC, Australia. Employment type: Full-time. We’re excited to offer an opportunity to become part of the Octopus Australia team in our Melbourne or Sydney office. The successful applicant will join Octopus Australia on our mission to harness capital and expertise to accelerate the renewable energy transition. This role is focused on driving capital raising outcomes through strong relationships across large financial adviser networks, consultants, and institutional channels. You will bring and own key wholesale and institutional relationships, identify new opportunities, and execute strategies to grow funds under management. The role requires a commercially minded, relationship-driven professional who can operate autonomously while contributing to a broader high-performance team. Octopus Australia Established in 2018, Octopus Australia is a renewable energy fund manager and developer. Our dynamic multi-disciplinary team of over 70 highly skilled people has the expertise required to manage a renewable energy fund and operate a renewable energy and storage portfolio. We have an existing multi‑GW portfolio of operating and development assets, including utility‑scale solar, wind and battery storage facilities across the country. We are continuing to grow to create a long‑term business that can deliver a firmed energy product to meet the evolving needs of Australia’s energy future. Build and manage strong relationships with large financial adviser networks, consultants, and key institutional partners Develop and execute distribution strategies to achieve fundraising and growth targets Identify and convert new business opportunities across wholesale and institutional channels Maintain a high level of engagement with existing and prospective clients through meetings, presentations, and regular communication Represent Octopus Australia at industry events, conferences, and forums Collaborate with internal teams to support product positioning, client outcomes, and market insights Contribute to broader team targets and, where applicable, support or mentor junior team members Undertake domestic travel as required Ideally, you will have some or all of the following qualifications, skills and experiences: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience (CFA or similar desirable) Experience in capital raising, asset consulting, or client relationship management within financial services (typically 5+ years) Strong understanding of funds management and the broader financial services landscape – including experience and knowledge of private markets and real assets (infrastructure) Established relationships across large private wealth networks and institutional investors highly regarded Strong presentation and communication skills, with the ability to influence a range of stakeholders. Should also be technically minded to be able to discuss key investment themes and understand how our strategy fits within investor portfolios Highly organised with the ability to work autonomously and manage competing priorities Team-oriented approach with a willingness to collaborate and contribute to a high-performance culture Strong commercial acumen and client-first mindset What we offer 💰 A competitive salary package including annual bonus 🩺 A generous contribution to your private health insurance, when you join the Octopus Australia-sponsored Medibank policy. ✈️ An extra five days’ annual leave entitlement 🏡 Hybrid working arrangement. 💼 Ongoing learning and career development opportunities including a LinkedIn learning subscription. 📱Monthly mobile phone allowance. 🧘‍♀️Access to our employee wellness program, including an annual wellness allowance and Headspace subscription. 🚗 Access to novated leasing ☀️ The opportunity to apply your skills to the renewable energy transition. Octopus Australia has built an exciting and inclusive high-performance culture where employees feel empowered. We understand the value of diversity, and we are dedicated to creating an inclusive workplace environment. We welcome people of all backgrounds to apply. Our Values At Octopus Australia we don’t just focus on what we do but also how we do it. Everyone shares our values of being straightforward, helpful, bold and empathetic. Our culture is critical to our success and is built around four principles that underpin how we pursue our goals: We empower people to: Be Bold – make decisions quickly and be OK changing your mind if it turns out there’s a better way of doing things. Be Helpful – behave like it’s always day one and remember that without our customers, there is no business. Be Straightforward – have opinions and express them in a way that’s respectful and easy to understand. Be Empathetic – care about others and take the time to understand different perspectives. It’s about listening, supporting, and creating an environment where everyone feels valued – so we can send our people home happy.
