Sample ID: real_048
Label: legitimate
Source site: https://hipagesgroup.com.au
Original posting URL: https://hipagesgroup.com.au/careers/7952548?gh_jid=7952548
Collected at: 2026-07-14
Text SHA-256: e51c894b41f59f63aa8c2e9f3432393e2d82477407a945e1e625b2a2d0347cc9

--- Captured job-advertisement text ---

Customer Success Representative. Employer: hipagesgroup. Location: Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. We’re hipages - Australia’s #1 digital platform connecting homeowners with trusted tradies. As an ASX-listed tech company, we're on a mission to transform the trade industry and improve lives. With teams across Australia, New Zealand, the Philippines and Vietnam, we work as one team with a shared purpose. We’re proud to be a certified Great Place to Work and WORK180’s #1 Employer for Women. At hipages, you’ll find real impact, career growth and a workplace where everyone belongs. Why join our Customer Success team? 💸$65K base + $28K OTE uncapped commission 📞Great role to kick start your career in sales with warm leads, onboarding & nurturing customers 🤙Amazing incentives, benefits and perks 🌴hi-Achiever Club recognises and rewards high performance with awesome incentives and prizes 🎂Birthday, anniversary and volunteer leave About the Role: Join our energetic Customer Success team in a fast-paced telesales environment, where you’ll be the key contact for our tradie customers, ranging from sole traders to growing small businesses. This is a high-volume, phone-based role where you’ll onboard new tradies and run nurture activities to engage and re-engage customers. Your goal is to help tradies get the most from their subscriptions and maximise ROI through our platform. You'll enjoy a structured, target-driven role with plenty of opportunities to refine your sales skills and hit targets. Here’s what your day-to-day looks like: Hitting Daily Activity Targets: Hit at least 2.75 hours of talk time through inbound and outbound calls. Create leads for account managers and conduct nurture calls to ensure subscription renewals happen. Onboarding New Accounts: Fully onboard all new tradies that have just joined our platform, following a checklist to ensure they are set up for success. Manage inbound calls to answer any questions they may have regarding their campaigns. Nurturing Existing Accounts: Manage, track and measure the performance of tradies' campaigns. Educate tradies on best practices for ROI. Retain tradies by addressing inquiries, solving problems, and providing tailored solutions. Building Relationships: Engaging and nurturing tradies over the phone, learning about their businesses, understanding their pain points, and providing educated recommendations to suit their needs. Keep Salesforce updated with customer insights. Compliance and Quality Assurance: Follow scripts and regulations, ensuring high-quality customer interactions. About You: Ideally, you’ve worked in a high-volume phone based environment before. You’re resilient, driven, and love turning a “NO” into a “YES” with your sales and negotiation skills. You thrive in a fast-paced environment and enjoy winning when hitting targets. You have strong verbal and written communication skills. You’re comfortable with learning new systems and adapting to new processes. Life at hipages: We’re more than just a workplace - we’re a place where you can be yourself, do great work and grow your career. Recognised as a Great Place to Work, our inclusive, supportive culture helps people thrive. You’ll use the best tools and tech, with real impact on our products and customers. We invest in your development and lead with coaching, not micromanagement – it’s why 85% of our team say their leader is great. And there’s more: Diverse, collaborative teams that love solving problems Agile squads, hackathons, off-sites and roadshows Extra leave for birthdays, volunteering, and more Healthy snacks, continental breakfast and fresh fruit Sydney CBD office near Town Hall and Gadigal Stations Tailored growth support, mentoring and stretch projects A vibrant social scene - we work hard and have fun doing it We prioritise Diversity: At hipages, innovation and collaboration thrive in diverse and inclusive teams. We don’t expect you to know everything - we care more about who you are as a person, a team member, and a leader. We’re proud to be endorsed by WORK180 for supporting women’s careers and we value diversity across culture, age, gender identity and sexual orientation. Research shows that men often apply when they meet just 60% of the criteria, while women and minority groups wait until they tick every box. If you think you’d be a great fit - even if you don’t meet every requirement- we’d love to hear from you. We’re also a Circle Back Initiative Employer , which means we commit to responding to every applicant. #LI-onsite-DS1
